Update authorizationpolicy-update.md with roles (#21509)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/api/authorizationpolicy-update.md

| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported. |
| Application                            | Policy.ReadWrite.Authorization|

> When calling on behalf of a user, the user needs to belong to the following [Azure AD roles](/azure/active-directory/roles/permissions-reference):
> + Privileged Role Administrator 

Reviewer: It's only one role (well would be two but we're avoiding the Global Admin role) so no need for a list.
```suggestion
When calling on behalf of a user, the user needs to have the *Privileged Role Administrator* [Azure AD role](/azure/active-directory/roles/permissions-reference).
```
